Hello all, I created this account because I wanted to share a method that a member of my crew founded a while back.   
(pceo) This method can actually help out other players and crews when they want to work in peace for GTA Online. 
This method below is steps to create a "locked lobby". A locked lobby is, custom public lobbies that have a much 
higher success rate in preventing less randoms, non-crew members from joining. 
If you want to work solo, or make a lobby for your crew or friends, 
then you can use this method below to get work done in peace. Also, there's another method which is the "NAT Test". 
This second method is not locked but it's an alternative.  Note: This works for xbox one. Not sure about ps4. 

How To Create a LOCKED LOBBY – WIFI/WIRED method:

 

1. If you do not already have WIFI and wired configured on your xbox: Enable wifi connection, confirm it works on WIFI by going online, then plug Ethernet cable back in, confirm it works too, keep the Ethernet plugged in.
 
2. First Restart the Xbox. A proper full restart NOTE: If you’re using “instant on” power mode then your xbox does not restart when you hit the button, so in this case you need to force a restart by pressing the guide button on the controller, go to settings, select Restart Console, and confirm.
 
3. With Ethernet cable plugged in, start GTA. After you load into story mode, just go to the dashboard and force quit GTA. There is no timing, just do it any time after you see load into story mode.
 
4. Unplug your ethernet cable.
 
5. Wait for Xbox to stabilize and let it sign itself into to Xbox Live (via Wifi).
 
6. Launch GTA Online and load into a populated session.
 
7. Plug ethernet cable back in and make your character walk around.
 
8. Everyone will leave your session, in which case you’re done – the lobby is locked.
 

You should have a locked lobby. You can test to see how stable it is by inviting a couple friends or crew mates to it. (Excess use of your internet connection, either upload, or download, or streaming video will affect other players in your lobby and could cause splits and disconnects.)

NOTES: If your lobby gets “superlocked” meaning people can not join, they get stuck in the clouds forever trying to join, or everyone gets a “timeout” error trying to get in. You can try to break the superlock by going to a security camera or tv and watching it. This has been found to break the superlock for many of our hosts. The lobby returns to normal and you can continue what you were doing or go AFK.

Very Important, How to AFK: Go to any apartment or your ceo office, sit down in front of the TV, and then press right on the d-pad again to “watch TV”. (Once you crated a locked lobby, you'll need to AFK if you plan on being in the session for hours.)


Second Method: Testing Your NAT Type – NOT a locked lobby

 

Whilst in-game, simply go to your Xbox Dashboard.
Go to Settings
Go to Network Settings
Test NAT type
Once the test is completed, return to GTA and everyone should leave the session
 

It’s also worth considering that randoms tend to join sessions after about 5+ people are in the lobby (R* matchmaking prioritizes busy lobbies to place players into). So, if you want to play with people in an unlocked lobby, Invite no more than 3 or 4 friends into the lobby (enough for 1 or 2 organizations)
